well you should find your own housing as soon as you you arrive or at
your permanent duty station all wheel before it's kind of tough to do
that when you first arrive to a on your PCS specially if it's conus
but if you're a columnist you'll typically know ahead of time we're
you you'll be station and where you're going and you can reach out
through the to the command through the welcome aboard package and find
a decent areas for you live in or just wait until you arrive and
you you're given I think it's ten days to find housing today's house
on leave or you could you have about two weeks for you to go out and
find a living arrangements